README for bsd-games
====================

This is the bsd-games package for Linux, containing ports of all the
open source games from NetBSD-current. This particular version is a
copy of version 2.17 released in 2005, forked with intent to clean up
the code and build system to modern standards.

For installation instructions and details of prerequisites, see the
file "INSTALL".

This package contains cryptographic software (caesar and rot13).  In
some jurisdictions, use or distribution of these utilities may be
restricted, whether under export control regulations or because these
cryptosystems have been used as technical protection measures to
restrict access to and copying of copyright works.

This package contains the following games:

adventure:	the original adventure by Crowther and Woods
arithmetic:	arithmetic quiz/speed test
atc:		air traffic control
backgammon:	backgammon
banner:		display a message in big letters
battlestar:	adventure game on a battlestar
boggle:		boggle word game
caesar:		encrypts using a rotated alphabet cipher
canfield:	curses-based solitaire
countmail:	tell you how much new mail you have
cribbage:	cribbage
dab:		dots and boxes
factor:		factor a number
fish:		go fish
gomoku:		gomoku
hack:		exploring the Dungeons of Doom
hangman:	guess the word before it is too late
hunt:		hunt each other in a maze (multiplayer -- great)
mille:		mille borne against the computer
monop:		monopoly
morse:		output morse code
number:		output the English text for a number
phantasia:	interterminal fantasy game
pom:		display the phase of the moon
primes:		generate primes
quiz:		random knowledge tests
rain:		attempts to create a rain drop effect (best at 9600 baud)
random:		random lines from a file or random numbers
robots:		well... avoid the robots
sail:		sail your ship into battle
snake:		grab the cash and avoid the snake and exit
tetris:		tetris
trek:		We come in peace, shoot to kill.  It's worse than that, he's
		dead Jim.  Ye cannot change the laws of physics.  It's life
		Jim, but not as we know it.  There's Klingons on the starboard
		bow ...
wargames:	would you like to play a game?
worm:		eat the numbers without running into anything
worms:		random worms scurrying across your screen
wtf:		translate acronyms, e.g. "wtf is WTF"
wump:		hunt the wumpus
